I danced in the morning but the world
was beyond and I danced in the poll of
the stars of the Sun I came down from
heaven and I danced on the earth at
Bethlehem I had my birth understand
wherever you may be
I am the lord of the dance said he
underneath you all wherever you may be
and I'll lead you all in the dance said
he
just for the scribe and the Pharisee but
they would not dance at they would
follow me I danced for the fisherman for
James and John they came with me of the
dance when Tom danced them wherever you
may be I am the lord of the dance said
he and I need you all wherever you may
be I believe you all in the dance said
he
I danced on the Sabbath and a cured the
lame the holy people said it was a shame
they went and they stripped and they
hung me on high and left me there on the
cross to die does stand wherever you may
be
I am the lord of the dance said he me
you all wherever you may be in the lead
you all in cannot send me
my pets on a Friday when the slides and
like it's hard to dance with the devil
on your back bury my body and they
thought I'd gone but I am the dance and
I still go on dance then wherever you
may be I am the lord of the dance said
he
I mean you all wherever you may be and I
leave you all in the dance said he
they cut me down that I let I I am the
life that will never never die I live in
you if you live in me for I am the lord
of the dance said he dance then wherever
you may be I am the lord of the dance
said me you
wherever you may be and I'll lead you
all in the dance any dance then wherever
you baby
I am the lord of the dance said he
meet you all wherever you may be and
I'll leave you all in the Dutch city
you